Docs: SC2 - Add a description of mission order and the impact of collect on a SC2 world (#4398)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/sc2/docs/en_Starcraft 2.md

## What does randomization do to this game?

> ### Items and locations

Reviewer: You want a newline after a header; there's various versions of markdown that run into display problems when they are not used
```suggestion
### Items and locations

```

Author: Applied as suggested. Also, I made sure that other header had a newline.

notified via a text box in the top-right corner of the game screen. 
Item unlocks are also logged in the Archipelago client.

### Mission order

The missions and the order in which they need to be completed, referred to as the mission order, can also be randomized.
The four StarCraft 2 campaigns can be used to populate the mission order. 
Note that the evolution missions from Heart of the Swarm are not included in the randomizer.
The default mission order follows the structure of the selected campaigns but several other options are available, 
e.g., blitz, grid, etc.

Missions are launched through the StarCraft 2 Archipelago client, through the StarCraft 2 Launcher tab. 
The between mission segments on the Hyperion, the Leviathan, and the Spear of Adun are not included. 
Additionally, metaprogression currencies such as credits and Solarite are not used.

> Missions that are available have their names in blue and those where all locations were collected are shown in white.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Available missions are in blue; missions where all locations were collected are in white.
```

Author: Applied as suggested.

If you move your mouse over a mission, the uncollected locations will be displayed, categorized by type.

> Unavailable missions are in grey; their requirements will also be shown there.

Reviewer: This doc seems to primarily use American English spellings
```suggestion
Unavailable missions are in gray; their requirements will also be shown there.
```

Author: Applied as suggested. Also, I made sure that other instances of grey were changed to gray.

> If the mission is not available, its requirements will also be shown there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unavailable missions are in (what color?); their requirements will also be shown there.
```

Author: Applied as suggested.

## What is the goal of this game when randomized?

The goal is to beat the final mission in the mission order. 
The yaml configuration file controls the mission order, which combination of the four StarCraft 2 campaigns can be 

> used and how missions are shuffled. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used, and how missions are shuffled. 
```

Oxford comma

Author: Applied as suggested.

    * Options: default, slower, slow, normal, fast, faster
* `/color [faction] [color]` Changes your color for one of your playable factions.
    * Faction options: raynor, kerrigan, primal, protoss, nova
    * Color options: white, red, blue, teal, purple, yellow, orange, green, lightpink, violet, lightgray, darkgreen, 

>     brown, lightgreen, darkgray, pink, rainbow, random, default

Reviewer 3: Must match the options file:

```python
    option_light_grey = 10
    option_dark_green = 11
    option_brown = 12
    option_light_green = 13
    option_dark_grey = 14
    ```
Maybe the option keys should be renamed in order to match the US spelling

Reviewer: Oh, in that case just reverting back to the grey spelling seems fine for now, to keep this just a docs PR

Author: I do not think that it needs to match the options exactly, since this part does not use code typeset to enumerate them. If we want them to match, we would also need to convert "darkgreen" to "dark_green".

While I stated my "logic", I do not have a strong opinion either way. I will apply whatever you prefer, Ziktofel.

Reviewer 3: Docs should match the values used by the command as it's an enumeration of possible values used by the command

Reviewer 3: The context is `/option [option_name] [option_value]`

Author: gray reverted to grey.
Changed "[ligth/dark][color]" to "[ligth/dark] [color]" to better match the command options

Reviewer 3: It should match the form accepted by the command

>     brown, light green, dark grey, pink, rainbow, random, default

Reviewer 3: The actual correct is `darkgrey` (accepted by the command):
```
/color kerrigan darkgrey
```
works

Author: In the yaml, the option is named `dark_grey`. Does `darkgrey` also work with yaml or is the "_" removed by the code somewhere?

Reviewer 3: Looks like the command uses its own list in the client's code:
```python
def _cmd_color(self, faction: str = "", color: str = "") -> None:
        """Changes the player color for a given faction."""
        player_colors = [
            "White", "Red", "Blue", "Teal",
```
These values ignore case

Reviewer 3: If you try the command and specify an invalid one, you'll get a list of possible values

Author: I changed the explicit mention of faction color to how to get the list from the client. This also make it robust to future addition in the list and sidestep the fact that the yaml and client don't use the same word. Change was made for both language

A filter parameter can be provided, e.g., `/received Thor`, to limit the number of items shown.
Every item whose name, race, or group name contains the provided parameter will be shown.

## Particularities in a multiworld

### Collect on goal completion

One of the default options of multiworlds is that once a world has achieved its goal, it collects its items from all 
other worlds. 

> This is set when the multiworld is generated and it cannot be modified afterward. 

Reviewer 4: this is false `/option collect_mode value`
<https://archipelago.gg/tutorial/Archipelago/commands/en#host-only-(on-archipelago.gg-or-in-your-server-console)>

Reviewer 5: The sentence was removed and replaced, after the paragraph, with a mention of that option. 
Done on both language

Author: The sentence was removed and replaced, after the paragraph, with a mention of that option.
Done on both language.

(Sorry for "double" response, forgot to look at which account I was connected.)

A filter parameter can be provided, e.g., `/received Thor`, to limit the number of items shown.
Every item whose name, race, or group name contains the provided parameter will be shown.

## Particularities in a multiworld

### Collect on goal completion

One of the default options of multiworlds is that once a world has achieved its goal, it collects its items from all 
other worlds. 

> If you do not want this to happen, you should ask the person generating the multiworld to set the `Collect Permission` 

Reviewer: Since it's in text, it's better to use quotes here
```suggestion
If you do not want this to happen, you should ask the person generating the multiworld to set the "Collect Permission" 
```

Author: I am not sure about that one. Since I want to refer to the specific option, I use the code typeset. I do the same in the next sentence with the `collect_mode` option. Are you proposing that I change all instances of "code-like" terms in a sentence from code typeset to quotes?

Reviewer: I think this one would make sense not to use the code format. Mostly because in this case it's not very code-like, but if you think it works just fine as code for "Collect Permission" that's fine by me 👍

option to something else, e.g., manual. 

> If the generation is not done via the website, the person that does the generation should modify the corresponding 

Reviewer: Since the name is different, it makes sense to explicit mention it
```suggestion
If the generation is not done via the website, the person that does the generation should modify the `collect_mode` 
```

Author: Applied as suggested.
